Key,File,Type,english
zombieArleneV1,entityclasses,Entity,Arlene
zombieArleneV2,entityclasses,Entity,Arlene
zombieArleneV3,entityclasses,Entity,Arlene
zombieArleneV4,entityclasses,Entity,Arlene
zombieArleneFeralV1,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Arlene
zombieArleneRadiatedV1,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Arlene
zombieBoeV1,entityclasses,Entity,Boe
zombieBoeV2,entityclasses,Entity,Boe
zombieBoeV3,entityclasses,Entity,Boe
zombieBoeV4,entityclasses,Entity,Boe
zombieBoeFeralV1,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Boe
zombieBoeRadiatedV1,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Boe
zombieSteveCrawlerV1,entityclasses,Entity,Burnt Crawler
zombieSteveCrawlerV2,entityclasses,Entity,Moldy Crawler
zombieSteveCrawlerV3,entityclasses,Entity,Mossy Crawler
zombieSteveCrawlerV4,entityclasses,Entity,Skinned Crawler
zombieMoeV1,entityclasses,Entity,Moe
zombieMoeV2,entityclasses,Entity,Moe
zombieMoeV3,entityclasses,Entity,Moe
zombieMoeV4,entityclasses,Entity,Moe
zombieMoeFeralV1,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Moe
zombieMoeRadiatedV1,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Moe
zombieYoV1,entityclasses,Entity,Mr. Yo
zombieYoV2,entityclasses,Entity,Mr. Yo
zombieYoV3,entityclasses,Entity,Mr. Yo
zombieYoV4,entityclasses,Entity,Mr. Yo
zombieYoFeralV1,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Mr. Yo
zombieYoRadiatedV1,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Mr. Yo
zombieFatMamaHDV1,entityclasses,Entity,Big Mama
zombieFatMamaHDV2,entityclasses,Entity,Big Mama
zombieFatMamaHDV3,entityclasses,Entity,Big Mama
zombieFatMamaHDV4,entityclasses,Entity,Big Mama
zombieFatMamaHDVFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Big Mama
zombieFatMamaHDVRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Big Mama
zombieDarleneHDV1,entityclasses,Entity,Darlene
zombieDarleneHDV2,entityclasses,Entity,Darlene
zombieDarleneHDV3,entityclasses,Entity,Darlene
zombieDarleneHDV4,entityclasses,Entity,Darlene
zombieDarleneHDVFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Darlene
zombieDarleneHDVRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Darlene
zombieMarleneHDV1,entityclasses,Entity,Marlene
zombieMarleneHDV2,entityclasses,Entity,Marlene
zombieMarleneHDV3,entityclasses,Entity,Marlene
zombieMarleneHDV4,entityclasses,Entity,Marlene
zombieMarleneHDVFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Marlene
zombieMarleneHDVRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Marlene
zombieJanitorHDV1,entityclasses,Entity,The Janitor
zombieJanitorHDV2,entityclasses,Entity,The Janitor
zombieJanitorHDVFeral,entityclasses,Entity,The Feral Janitor
zombieJanitorHDVRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,The Radiated Janitor
zombieSteveHDV1,entityclasses,Entity,Steve
zombieSteveHDV2,entityclasses,Entity,Steve
zombieSteveHDV3,entityclasses,Entity,Steve
zombieSteveHDV4,entityclasses,Entity,Steve
zombieSteveHDVFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Steve
zombieSteveHDVRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Steve
zombieJoeHDV1,entityclasses,Entity,Joe
zombieJoeHDV2,entityclasses,Entity,Joe
zombieJoeHDV3,entityclasses,Entity,Joe
zombieJoeHDV4,entityclasses,Entity,Joe
zombieJoeHDVFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Joe
zombieJoeHDVRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Joe
zombieBikerHDV1,entityclasses,Entity,Biker
zombieBikerHDV2,entityclasses,Entity,Biker
zombieBikerHDV3,entityclasses,Entity,Biker
zombieBikerHDVFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Biker
zombieBikerHDVRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Biker