Key,File,Type,english
humanEveBanditClub,entityclasses,Entity,Bandit
humanEveBanditKnife,entityclasses,Entity,Bandit
humanEveBanditSMG,entityclasses,Entity,Bandit
humanEveBanditAK47,entityclasses,Entity,Bandit
humanEveBanditHunter,entityclasses,Entity,Bandit
humanEveBanditPistol,entityclasses,Entity,Bandit
humanEveBanditXBow,entityclasses,Entity,Bandit
humanEveBanditBow,entityclasses,Entity,Bandit
humanEveBanditShotty,entityclasses,Entity,Bandit
humanEveBanditSleeperKnife,entityclasses,Entity,Bandit
humanEveBanditSleeperSMG,entityclasses,Entity,Bandit
humanFarmerBanditClub,entityclasses,Entity,Farmer
humanFarmerBanditKnife,entityclasses,Entity,Farmer
humanFarmerBanditSMG,entityclasses,Entity,Farmer
humanFarmerBanditAK47,entityclasses,Entity,Farmer
humanFarmerBanditHunter,entityclasses,Entity,Farmer
humanFarmerBanditPistol,entityclasses,Entity,Farmer
humanFarmerBanditXBow,entityclasses,Entity,Farmer
humanFarmerBanditBow,entityclasses,Entity,Farmer
humanFarmerBanditShotty,entityclasses,Farmer
humanFarmerBanditSleeperKnife,entityclasses,Entity,Farmer
humanFarmerBanditSleeperSMG,entityclasses,Farmer
humanFarmerSurvivorClub,entityclasses,Entity,Farmer Cole
humanFarmerSurvivorKnife,entityclasses,Entity,Farmer Cole
humanFarmerSurvivorSMG,entityclasses,Entity,Farmer Cole
humanFarmerSurvivorAK47,entityclasses,Entity,Farmer Cole
humanFarmerSurvivorHunter,entityclasses,Entity,Farmer Cole
humanFarmerSurvivorPistol,entityclasses,Entity,Farmer Cole
humanFarmerSurvivorXBow,entityclasses,Entity,Farmer Cole
humanFarmerSurvivorBow,entityclasses,Entity,Farmer Cole
humanFarmerSurvivorShotty,entityclasses,Farmer Cole
humanCowboyBanditClub,entityclasses,Entity,Cowboy
humanCowboyBanditKnife,entityclasses,Entity,Cowboy
humanCowboyBanditSMG,entityclasses,Entity,Cowboy
humanCowboyBanditAK47,entityclasses,Entity,Cowboy
humanCowboyBanditHunter,entityclasses,Entity,Cowboy
humanCowboyBanditPistol,entityclasses,Entity,Cowboy
humanCowboyBanditXBow,entityclasses,Entity,Cowboy
humanCowboyBanditBow,entityclasses,Entity,Cowboy
humanCowboyBanditShotty,entityclasses,Entity,Cowboy
humanCowboyBanditSleeperKnife,entityclasses,Entity,Cowboy
humanCowboyBanditSleeperSMG,entityclasses,Entity,Cowboy
humanHarleyBanditClub,entityclasses,Entity,Bandit
humanHarleyBanditKnife,entityclasses,Entity,Bandit
humanHarleyBanditSMG,entityclasses,Entity,Bandit
humanHarleyBanditAK47,entityclasses,Entity,Bandit
humanHarleyBanditHunter,entityclasses,Entity,Bandit
humanHarleyBanditPistol,entityclasses,Entity,Bandit
humanHarleyBanditXBow,entityclasses,Entity,Bandit
humanHarleyBanditBow,entityclasses,Entity,Bandit
humanHarleyBanditShotty,entityclasses,Entity,Bandit
humanHarleyBanditSlugger,entityclasses,Entity,Bandit
humanHarleyBanditSleeperPistol,entityclasses,Entity,Bandit
humanHarleyBanditSleeperSlugger,entityclasses,Entity,Bandit
humanRaiderHumongousClub,entityclasses,Entity,Raider
humanRaiderHumongousKnife,entityclasses,Entity,Raider
humanRaiderHumongousSMG,entityclasses,Entity,Raider
humanRaiderHumongousAK47,entityclasses,Entity,Raider
humanRaiderHumongousHunter,entityclasses,Entity,Raider
humanRaiderHumongousPistol,entityclasses,Entity,Raider
humanRaiderHumongousXBow,entityclasses,Entity,Raider
humanRaiderHumongousShotty,entityclasses,Entity,Raider
humanRaiderMotoClub,entityclasses,Entity,Yakuza
humanRaiderMotoKnife,entityclasses,Entity,Yakuza
humanRaiderMotoSMG,entityclasses,Entity,Yakuza
humanRaiderMotoAK47,entityclasses,Entity,Yakuza
humanRaiderMotoHunter,entityclasses,Entity,Yakuza
humanRaiderMotoPistol,entityclasses,Entity,Yakuza
humanRaiderMotoXBow,entityclasses,Entity,Yakuza
humanRaiderMotoShotty,entityclasses,Entity,Yakuza
humanRaiderPestClub,entityclasses,Entity,Warehouse Raider
humanRaiderPestKnife,entityclasses,Entity,Warehouse Raider
humanRaiderPestSMG,entityclasses,Entity,Warehouse Raider
humanRaiderPestAK47,entityclasses,Entity,Warehouse Raider
humanRaiderPestHunter,entityclasses,Entity,Warehouse Raider
humanRaiderPestPistol,entityclasses,Entity,Warehouse Raider
humanRaiderPestXBow,entityclasses,Entity,Warehouse Raider
humanRaiderPestShotty,entityclasses,Entity,Warehouse Raider
humanRaiderRatClub,entityclasses,Entity,Robber
humanRaiderRatKnife,entityclasses,Entity,Robber
humanRaiderRatSMG,entityclasses,Entity,Robber
humanRaiderRatAK47,entityclasses,Entity,Robber
humanRaiderRatHunter,entityclasses,Entity,Robber
humanRaiderRatPistol,entityclasses,Entity,Robber
humanRaiderRatXBow,entityclasses,Entity,Robber
humanRaiderRatShotty,entityclasses,Entity,Robber
humanRaiderSluggerClub,entityclasses,Entity,Slugger
humanRaiderSluggerKnife,entityclasses,Entity,Slugger
humanRaiderSluggerSMG,entityclasses,Entity,Slugger
humanRaiderSluggerAK47,entityclasses,Entity,Slugger
humanRaiderSluggerHunter,entityclasses,Entity,Slugger
humanRaiderSluggerPistol,entityclasses,Entity,Slugger
humanRaiderSluggerXBow,entityclasses,Entity,Slugger
humanRaiderSluggerShotty,entityclasses,Entity,Slugger
humanWhispererAlphaClub,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererAlphaKnife,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererAlphaSMG,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererAlphaAK47,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererAlphaHunter,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererAlphaPistol,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererAlphaXBow,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererAlphaBow,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererAlphaShotty,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererBetaClub,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererBetaKnife,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererBetaSMG,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererBetaAK47,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererBetaHunter,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererBetaPistol,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererBetaXBow,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererBetaBow,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererBetaShotty,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererFemale01Club,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererFemale01Knife,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererFemale01SMG,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererFemale01AK47,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererFemale01Hunter,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererFemale01Pistol,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererFemale01XBow,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererFemale01Bow,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererFemale01Shotty,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererFemale02Club,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererFemale02Knife,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererFemale02SMG,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererFemale02AK47,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererFemale02Hunter,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererFemale02Pistol,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererFemale02XBow,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererFemale02Bow,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererFemale02Shotty,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererMale01Club,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererMale01Knife,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererMale01SMG,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererMale01AK47,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererMale01Hunter,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererMale01Pistol,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererMale01XBow,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererMale01Bow,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererMale01Shotty,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererMale02Club,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererMale02Knife,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererMale02SMG,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererMale02AK47,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererMale02Hunter,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererMale02Pistol,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererMale02XBow,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererMale02Bow,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanWhispererMale02Shotty,entityclasses,Entity,Kidnapper
humanBakerBanditChefKnife,entityclasses,Entity,Baker
humanBakerSurvivorClub,entityclasses,Entity,Baker
humanBakerSurvivorKnife,entityclasses,Entity,Baker
humanBakerSurvivorSMG,entityclasses,Entity,Baker
humanBakerSurvivorAK47,entityclasses,Entity,Baker
humanBakerSurvivorHunter,entityclasses,Entity,Baker
humanBakerSurvivorPistol,entityclasses,Entity,Baker
humanBakerSurvivorXBow,entityclasses,Entity,Baker
humanBakerSurvivorBow,entityclasses,Entity,Baker
humanBakerSurvivorShotty,entityclasses,Entity,Baker
humanJoelBanditChefKnife,entityclasses,Entity,Bandit Leader
humanNurseSurvivorClub,entityclasses,Entity,Nurse Claire
humanNurseSurvivorKnife,entityclasses,Entity,Nurse Claire
humanNurseSurvivorSMG,entityclasses,Entity,Nurse Claire
humanNurseSurvivorAK47,entityclasses,Entity,Nurse Claire
humanNurseSurvivorHunter,entityclasses,Entity,Nurse Claire
humanNurseSurvivorPistol,entityclasses,Entity,Nurse Claire
humanNurseSurvivorXBow,entityclasses,Entity,Nurse Claire
humanNurseSurvivorBow,entityclasses,Entity,Nurse Claire
humanNurseSurvivorShotty,entityclasses,Entity,Nurse Claire
humanSoldierGirl01SurvivorClub,entityclasses,Entity,Soldier
humanSoldierGirl01SurvivorKnife,entityclasses,Entity,Soldier
humanSoldierGirl01SurvivorSMG,entityclasses,Entity,Soldier
humanSoldierGirl01SurvivorAK47,entityclasses,Entity,Soldier
humanSoldierGirl01SurvivorHunter,entityclasses,Entity,Soldier
humanSoldierGirl01SurvivorPistol,entityclasses,Entity,Soldier
humanSoldierGirl01SurvivorXBow,entityclasses,Entity,Soldier
humanSoldierGirl01SurvivorShotty,entityclasses,Entity,Soldier
humanSoldierDeltaSurvivorClub,entityclasses,Entity,Soldier
humanSoldierDeltaSurvivorKnife,entityclasses,Entity,Soldier
humanSoldierDeltaSurvivorSMG,entityclasses,Entity,Soldier
humanSoldierDeltaSurvivorAK47,entityclasses,Entity,Soldier
humanSoldierDeltaSurvivorHunter,entityclasses,Entity,Soldier
humanSoldierDeltaSurvivorPistol,entityclasses,Entity,Soldier
humanSoldierDeltaSurvivorXBow,entityclasses,Entity,Soldier
humanSoldierDeltaSurvivorShotty,entityclasses,Entity,Soldier
humanSoldierHunterSurvivorClub,entityclasses,Entity,Hunter
humanSoldierHunterSurvivorKnife,entityclasses,Entity,Hunter
humanSoldierHunterSurvivorSMG,entityclasses,Entity,Hunter
humanSoldierHunterSurvivorAK47,entityclasses,Entity,Hunter
humanSoldierHunterSurvivorHunter,entityclasses,Entity,Hunter
humanSoldierHunterSurvivorPistol,entityclasses,Entity,Hunter
humanSoldierHunterSurvivorXBow,entityclasses,Entity,Hunter
humanSoldierHunterSurvivorShotty,entityclasses,Entity,Hunter
humanSoldierNationalGuardSurvivorClub,entityclasses,Entity,National Guard Survivor
humanSoldierNationalGuardSurvivorKnife,entityclasses,Entity,National Guard Survivor
humanSoldierNationalGuardSurvivorSMG,entityclasses,Entity,National Guard Survivor
humanSoldierNationalGuardSurvivorAK47,entityclasses,Entity,National Guard Survivor
humanSoldierNationalGuardSurvivorHunter,entityclasses,Entity,National Guard Survivor
humanSoldierNationalGuardSurvivorPistol,entityclasses,Entity,National Guard Survivor
humanSoldierNationalGuardSurvivorXBow,entityclasses,Entity,National Guard Survivor
humanSoldierNationalGuardSurvivorShotty,entityclasses,Entity,National Guard Survivor
humanSoldierRangerSurvivorClub,entityclasses,Entity,Ranger
humanSoldierRangerSurvivorKnife,entityclasses,Entity,Ranger
humanSoldierRangerSurvivorSMG,entityclasses,Entity,Ranger
humanSoldierRangerSurvivorAK47,entityclasses,Entity,Ranger
humanSoldierRangerSurvivorHunter,entityclasses,Entity,Ranger
humanSoldierRangerSurvivorPistol,entityclasses,Entity,Ranger
humanSoldierRangerSurvivorXBow,entityclasses,Entity,Ranger
humanSoldierRangerSurvivorShotty,entityclasses,Entity,Ranger
humanVaultFemaleResidentSurvivorClub,entityclasses,Entity,Resident
humanVaultFemaleResidentSurvivorKnife,entityclasses,Entity,Resident
humanVaultMaleResidentSurvivorClub,entityclasses,Entity,Resident
humanVaultMaleResidentSurvivorKnife,entityclasses,Entity,Resident
humanVaultFemaleSecuritySurvivorClub,entityclasses,Entity,Security Guard
humanVaultFemaleSecuritySurvivorKnife,entityclasses,Entity,Security Guard
humanVaultMaleSecuritySurvivorClub,entityclasses,Entity,Security Guard
humanVaultMaleSecuritySurvivorKnife,entityclasses,Entity,Security Guard
humanVaultDoctorSurvivorClub,entityclasses,Entity,Doctor Veronica
humanVaultDoctorSurvivorKnife,entityclasses,Entity,Doctor Veronica
humanVaultPowerArmorSurvivorClub,entityclasses,Entity,Armored Security Guard
humanVaultPowerArmorSurvivorKnife,entityclasses,Entity,Armored Security Guard
humanVaultBossSurvivorClub,entityclasses,Entity,Vault Boss
humanVaultBossSurvivorKnife,entityclasses,Entity,Vault Boss