Key,File,Type,english
zombieSanta,entityclasses,Entity,Mall Santa
zombieSantaFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Mall Santa
zombieNurseTemplate,entityclasses,Entity,Nurse Mary
zombieNurseTemplateFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Nurse Mary
zombieFemaleTutorial,entityclasses,Entity,Lida
zombieFemaleTutorialFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Lida
zombieBehemoth,entityclasses,Entity,Behemoth
zombieGuppyCreepyCrawly,entityclasses,Entity,Creepy Crawly
zombieGuppyInfernalDog,entityclasses,Entity,Infernal Dog
zombieGuppyBlackSoldierMaskHelmet,entityclasses,Entity,Masked Soldier
zombieGuppyBlackSoldierMaskHelmetFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Masked Soldier
zombieGuppyBlackSoldierHelmetNoMask,entityclasses,Entity,Wounded Soldier
zombieGuppyBlackSoldierHelmetNoMaskFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Wounded Solder
zombieGuppySoldier01,entityclasses,Entity,Soldier
zombieGuppySoldier01Feral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Soldier
zombieGuppySoldier01Crawler,entityclasses,Entity,Crawler Soldier
zombieGuppySoldier01CrawlerFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Crawler Soldier
zombieGuppySoldierFemale01,entityclasses,Entity,Soldier
zombieGuppySoldierFemale01Feral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Soldier
zombieGuppySoldierFemale01Helmet,entityclasses,Entity,Soldier Cadet
zombieGuppySoldierFemale01HelmetFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Soldier Cadet
zombieGuppySoldierLeader,entityclasses,Entity,Soldier Leader
zombieGuppySoldierLeaderFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Soldier Leader
zombieGuppyDoctor01,entityclasses,Entity,Doctor Bancroft
zombieGuppyDoctor01Feral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Doctor Bancroft
zombieGuppyDoctor02,entityclasses,Entity,Doctor Kenter
zombieGuppyDoctor02Feral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Doctor Kenter
zombieGuppyDoctor03,entityclasses,Entity,Doctor Fritz
zombieGuppyDoctor03Feral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Doctor Fritz
zombieGuppyDoctor04Black,entityclasses,Entity,Doctor Goss
zombieGuppyDoctor04BlackFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Doctor Goss
zombieGuppyDoctorFemale01,entityclasses,Entity,Doctor Idette
zombieGuppyDoctorFemale01Feral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Doctor Idette
zombieGuppyDoctorFemale02,entityclasses,Entity,Doctor Celeste
zombieGuppyDoctorFemale02Feral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Doctor Celeste
zombieHazmatFemale01TSBX,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Nurse
zombieHazmatFemale01TSBXFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Infected Nurse
zombieGuppyMalePatient,entityclasses,Entity,Patient Zero
zombieGuppyProstitute,entityclasses,Entity,Stripper
zombieGirl,entityclasses,Entity,Alice
zombieRekt,entityclasses,Entity,Farmer
zombieRektFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Farmer
zombieRektRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Farmer
zombieWhiteClown,entityclasses,Entity,Crazed
zombieHugh,entityclasses,Entity,Hugh
zombieHughFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Hugh
zombieHughRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,Radiated Hugh
zombieGuppyBaldCop,entityclasses,Entity,Body Snatcher
zombieGuppyBaldMan,entityclasses,Entity,Infected
zombieGuppyBeatCop,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Cop
zombieGuppyBelle,entityclasses,Entity,Belle
zombieGuppyCarmela,entityclasses,Entity,Carmela
zombieGuppyClot,entityclasses,Entity,Clot
zombieGuppyHungryJeff,entityclasses,Entity,Hungry Jeff
zombieGuppyLucy,entityclasses,Entity,Lucy
zombieGuppyNurse,entityclasses,Entity,Nurse Nancy
zombieGuppyOldManZombie,entityclasses,Entity,Hobo
zombieGuppyPete,entityclasses,Entity,Pete
zombieGuppyPoliceRalph,entityclasses,Entity,Officer Ralph
zombieGuppySeth,entityclasses,Entity,Seth
zombieGuppyAlma,entityclasses,Entity,Alma
zombieGuppyBiomechanicalWight,entityclasses,Entity,Burnt Wight
zombieMalacayFCiv01,entityclasses,Entity,Tarah
zombieCopSheriffTSBX,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Sheriff
zombieCopSheriffTSBXFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Infected Sheriff
zombieCopSwat01TSBX,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Swat Member
zombieCopSwat01TSBXFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Infected Swat Member
zombieCopCityFemale01TSBX,entityclasses,Entity,Infected Cop
zombieCopCityFemale01TSBXFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Infected Cop
zombieHoly01MUMPFY,entityclasses,Entity,Lost Raver
zombieHoly01MUMPFYFeral,entityclasses,Entity,Feral Lost Raver
zombieGuppyPest,entityclasses,Entity,Pest
zombieGuppyAbonimation,entityclasses,Entity,Abomination