Key,File,Type,Changes,english

junkTurretSledge,entityclasses,Entity,New,Sledge Turret
junkTurretGun,entityclasses,Entity,New,Turret

animalZombieDog,entityclasses,Entity,New,Infected Dog
animalBear,entityclasses,Entity,New,Wild Bear
animalZombieBear,entityclasses,Entity,New,Infected Bear
animalBoar,entityclasses,Entity,New,Wild Boar
animalBossGrace,entityclasses,Entity,New,Radiated Boar
animalZombieVulture,entityclasses,Entity,New,Infected Vulture

zombieJanitor,entityclasses,Entity,New,Infected Janitor
zombieArlene,entityclasses,Entity,New,Putrid Girl
zombieArleneFeral,entityclasses,Entity,New,Feral Putrid Girl
zombieArleneRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,New,Radiated Putrid Girl
zombieBiker,entityclasses,Entity,New,Infected Biker
zombieSkateboarder,entityclasses,Entity,New,Infected Punk
zombieSkateboarderFeral,entityclasses,Entity,New,Feral Punk
zombieSkateboarderRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,New,Radiated Punk
zombieBoe,entityclasses,Entity,New,Infected Survivor
zombieBoeFeral,entityclasses,Entity,New,Feral Infected Survivor
zombieBoeRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,New,Radiated Infected Survivor
zombieDarlene,entityclasses,Entity,New,Decayed Mother
zombieDarleneFeral,entityclasses,Entity,New,Decayed Feral Mother
zombieDarleneRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,New,Decaying Radiated Mother
zombieJoe,entityclasses,Entity,New,Cadaver
zombieJoeFeral,entityclasses,Entity,New,Feral Cadaver
zombieJoeRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,New,Radiated Cadaver
zombieMarlene,entityclasses,Entity,New,Infected Woman
zombieMarleneFeral,entityclasses,Entity,New,Infected Feral Woman
zombieMarleneRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,New,Radiated Infected Woman
zombieMoe,entityclasses,Entity,New,Bloated Walker
zombieMoeFeral,entityclasses,Entity,New,Feral Walker
zombieMoeRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,New,Radiated Walker
zombieSoldier,entityclasses,Entity,New,Infected Soldier
zombieUtilityWorker,entityclasses,Entity,New,Infected Utility Worker
zombieUtilityWorkerFeral,entityclasses,Entity,New,Feral Utility Worker
zombieUtilityWorkerRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,New,Radiated Utility Worker
zombieYo,entityclasses,Entity,New,Infected Carcass
zombieYoFeral,entityclasses,Entity,New,Feral Carcass
zombieYoRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,New,Radiated Carcass
zombieDemolition,entityclasses,Entity,New,Demolition Expert
zombieLab,entityclasses,Entity,New,Infected Lab Assistant
zombieLabFeral,entityclasses,Entity,New,Feral Lab Assistant
zombieLabRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,New,Radiated Lab Assistant
zombieNurse,entityclasses,Entity,New,Infected Nurse
zombieBusinessMan,entityclasses,Entity,New,Infected Businessman
zombieBusinessMan,entityclasses,Entity,New,Infected Lumberjack
zombieFatHawaiian,entityclasses,Entity,New,Infected Tourist
zombieMaleHazmat,entityclasses,Entity,New,Infected Hazmat
zombieFatCop,entityclasses,Entity,New,Infected Cop