Key,File,Type,Changes,english

humanRaiderScoutClub,entityclasses,Entity,New,Robbing Raider
humanRaiderScoutSMG,entityclasses,Entity,New,Robbing Raider
humanRaiderScoutRifle,entityclasses,Entity,New,Robbing Raider
humanRaider1Club,entityclasses,Entity,New,Wandering Raider
humanRaider1SMG,entityclasses,Entity,New,Wandering Raider
humanRaider1Rifle,entityclasses,Entity,New,Wandering Raider
humanRaider2Club,entityclasses,Entity,New,Wild Raider
humanRaider2SMG,entityclasses,Entity,New,Wild Raider
humanRaider2Rifle,entityclasses,Entity,New,Wild Raider
humanRaider3Club,entityclasses,Entity,New,Masked Raider
humanRaider3Rifle,entityclasses,Entity,New,Masked Raider
humanRaider3Shotty,entityclasses,Entity,New,Masked Raider
humanRaider4Club,entityclasses,Entity,New,Raider Warrick
humanRaider4Rifle,entityclasses,Entity,New,Raider Warrick
humanRaider4Shotty,entityclasses,Entity,New,Raider Warrick
humanRaider5Club,entityclasses,Entity,New,Engineer Raider
humanRaider5Shotty,entityclasses,Entity,New,Engineer Raider
humanRaider5Rifle,entityclasses,Entity,New,Engineer Raider
humanRaiderLeaderRifle,entityclasses,Entity,New,Raider Leader Nikolai
humanRaiderLeaderClub,entityclasses,Entity,New,Raider Leader Nikolai
humanRaiderLeaderShotgun,entityclasses,Entity,New,Raider Leader Nikolai


humanRaiderScoutClubsleeper,entityclasses,Entity,New,Robbing Raider
humanRaiderScoutSMGsleeper,entityclasses,Entity,New,Robbing Raider
humanRaiderScoutRiflesleeper,entityclasses,Entity,New,Robbing Raider
humanRaider1Clubsleeper,entityclasses,Entity,New,Wandering Raider
humanRaider1SMGsleeper,entityclasses,Entity,New,Wandering Raider
humanRaider1Riflesleeper,entityclasses,Entity,New,Wandering Raider
humanRaider2Clubsleeper,entityclasses,Entity,New,Wild Raider
humanRaider2SMGsleeper,entityclasses,Entity,New,Wild Raider
humanRaider2Riflesleeper,entityclasses,Entity,New,Wild Raider
humanRaider3Clubsleeper,entityclasses,Entity,New,Masked Raider
humanRaider3Riflesleeper,entityclasses,Entity,New,Masked Raider
humanRaider3Shottysleeper,entityclasses,Entity,New,Masked Raider
humanRaider4Clubsleeper,entityclasses,Entity,New,Raider Warrick
humanRaider4Riflesleeper,entityclasses,Entity,New,Raider Warrick
humanRaider4Shottysleeper,entityclasses,Entity,New,Raider Warrick
humanRaider5Clubsleeper,entityclasses,Entity,New,Engineer Raider
humanRaider5Shottysleeper,entityclasses,Entity,New,Engineer Raider
humanRaider5Riflesleeper,entityclasses,Entity,New,Engineer Raider
humanRaiderLeaderClubsleeper,entityclasses,Entity,New,Raider Leader Nikolai
humanRaiderLeaderRiflesleeper,entityclasses,Entity,New,Raider Leader Nikolai
humanRaiderLeaderShotgunsleeper,entityclasses,Entity,New,Raider Leader Nikolai


humanSoldier1Knife,entityclasses,Entity,New,Soldier
humanSoldier1Rifle,entityclasses,Entity,New,Soldier
humanSoldier2Knife,entityclasses,Entity,New,Experienced Soldier
humanSoldier2Rifle,entityclasses,Entity,New,Experienced Soldier
humanSoldier3Knife,entityclasses,Entity,New,Commanding Soldier
humanSoldier3Rifle,entityclasses,Entity,New,Commanding Soldier
humanSoldier4Knife,entityclasses,Entity,New,Masked Soldier
humanSoldier4Rifle,entityclasses,Entity,New,Masked Soldier
humanSoldier5Knife,entityclasses,Entity,New,Tech Soldier
humanSoldier5Rifle,entityclasses,Entity,New,Tech Soldier


humanSoldier1Knifesleeper,entityclasses,Entity,New,Soldier
humanSoldier1Riflesleeper,entityclasses,Entity,New,Soldier
humanSoldier2Knifesleeper,entityclasses,Entity,New,Experienced Soldier
humanSoldier2Riflesleeper,entityclasses,Entity,New,Experienced Soldier
humanSoldier3Knifesleeper,entityclasses,Entity,New,Commanding Soldier
humanSoldier3Riflesleeper,entityclasses,Entity,New,Commanding Soldier
humanSoldier4Knifesleeper,entityclasses,Entity,New,Masked Soldier
humanSoldier4Riflesleeper,entityclasses,Entity,New,Masked Soldier
humanSoldier5Knifesleeper,entityclasses,Entity,New,Tech Soldier
humanSoldier5Riflesleeper,entityclasses,Entity,New,Tech Soldier


mutantSM1melee1,entityclasses,Entity,New,Morphed Infected
mutantSM1melee2,entityclasses,Entity,New,Morphed Infected
mutantSM1melee3,entityclasses,Entity,New,Morphed Infected
mutantSM1melee4,entityclasses,Entity,New,Morphed Infected
mutantSM1melee5,entityclasses,Entity,New,Morphed Infected
mutantSM1melee6,entityclasses,Entity,New,Morphed Infected
mutantSM1melee7,entityclasses,Entity,New,Morphed Infected
mutantSM1melee8,entityclasses,Entity,New,Morphed Infected


MutantSM1horde1,entityclasses,Entity,New,Morphed T-800
MutantSM1horde2,entityclasses,Entity,New,Morphed T-800
MutantSM1horde3,entityclasses,Entity,New,Morphed T-800
MutantSM1horde4,entityclasses,Entity,New,Morphed T-800
MutantSM1horde5,entityclasses,Entity,New,Morphed T-800
MutantSM1horde6,entityclasses,Entity,New,Morphed T-800
MutantSM1horde7,entityclasses,Entity,New,Morphed T-800
MutantSM1horde8,entityclasses,Entity,New,Morphed T-800


mutantBehemoth,entityclasses,Entity,New,Morphed Titan
mutantBehemoth2,entityclasses,Entity,New,Morphed Titan


zombieGhoul1,entityclasses,Entity,New,Infected Ghoul
zombieFeralGhoul,entityclasses,Entity,New,Radiated Ghoul